content/blog/2025-10-25-welcome.md, before:

---
title: Welcome to the Minecraft Development Directory
description: The latest news and updates from the Minecraft Development Directory.
topic: blog
date: 2025-10-26
---

Welcome to the Minecraft Development Directory blog! Here, we share the latest news, updates, and insights about Minecraft development.
Stay tuned for exciting articles, tutorials, and community highlights that will help you on your journey to creating amazing Minecraft experiences.
Whether you're a seasoned developer or just starting out, there's something here for everyone. Happy coding!

## Why this website?

For a long time, there has been no central hub for Minecraft developers to find the resources they need. There was still places like *Wiki.vg* (which has then moved to [Minecraft Wiki](https://minecraft.wiki/w/Minecraft_Wiki:Protocol_documentation))
and various community forums (like [Minecraft Forum](https://www.minecraftforum.net/) or [Minecraft Forge France](https://www.minecraftforgefrance.fr/)) but no single place to find everything.
So, this is where the Minecraft Development Directory comes in. Our goal is to provide a comprehensive directory that not replace existing resources, but rather complement them easier to find.

## What to expect?

In the coming weeks and months, we will be adding more features to the website, including:
- A curated list of development tools and libraries
- Tutorials and guides for various aspects of Minecraft development

## Get Involved

We welcome contributions from the community! If you have a resource, tool, or tutorial that you think would be valuable to other Minecraft developers, please reach out to us on our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/Minecraft-Development-Directory/minecraft-development-directory.github.io/discussions).

Commit message:

fix: quick fix many visual element on blog pages

content/blog/2025-10-25-welcome.md, after:

---
title: Welcome to the Minecraft Development Directory
description: An introduction to the Minecraft Development Directory blog and what to expect.
topic: blog
date: 2025-10-26
---

Welcome to the Minecraft Development Directory blog! Here, we share the latest news, updates, and insights about Minecraft development.
Stay tuned for exciting articles, tutorials, and community highlights that will help you on your journey to creating amazing Minecraft experiences.
Whether you're a seasoned developer or just starting out, there's something here for everyone. Happy coding!

## Why this website?

For a long time, there has been no central hub for Minecraft developers to find the resources they need. There was still places like *Wiki.vg* (which has then moved to [Minecraft Wiki](https://minecraft.wiki/w/Minecraft_Wiki:Protocol_documentation))
and various community forums (like [Minecraft Forum](https://www.minecraftforum.net/) or [Minecraft Forge France](https://www.minecraftforgefrance.fr/)) but no single place to find everything.
So, this is where the Minecraft Development Directory comes in. Our goal is to provide a comprehensive directory that not replace existing resources, but rather complement them easier to find.

## What to expect?

In the coming weeks and months, we will be adding more features to the website, including:
- A curated list of development tools and libraries
- Tutorials and guides for various aspects of Minecraft development

## Get Involved

We welcome contributions from the community! If you have a resource, tool, or tutorial that you think would be valuable to other Minecraft developers, please reach out to us on our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/Minecraft-Development-Directory/minecraft-development-directory.github.io/discussions).
