---
title: Contributing
description: Learn how to contribute to the Minecraft Development Directory by submitting tutorials, guides, or tools to
  help the community.
navigation:
  icon: i-lucide-hand-helping
seo:
  title: Contributing to Minecraft Development Directory
  description: Discover how to contribute to the Minecraft Development Directory by submitting tutorials, guides, or tools
    to support the Minecraft developer community.
---

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Minecraft Development Directory! We welcome contributions from developers of all skill levels to help expand our resources and support the Minecraft community.

::caution
Before reporting a bug or requesting a feature, make sure that you have read through our resources and [existing issues](https://github.com/Minecraft-Development-Directory/minecraft-development-directory.github.io/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20is%3Aopen%20sort%3Aupdated-desc){rel="nofollow"}.
::

## Project structure

Here's an overview of the key directories and files in the MDD project structure:

The documentation use [`@nuxt/content`](https://content.nuxtjs.org/){rel="nofollow"} and is located in the `content/` directory.
It is organized by language (e.g., `en/` for English) and further divided into sections like `guides/`, at the exception of blog posts
that aren't localized and are located in the `blog/` directory.

::folder-structure
---
structure:
  - name: app
    type: folder
    children:
      - name: assets
        type: folder
        comment: Static assets like images and styles
      - name: components
        type: folder
        comment: Reusable UI components
      - name: layouts
        type: folder
        comment: Layout components
      - name: pages
        type: folder
        comment: Page components
  - name: content
    type: folder
    children:
      - name: en
        type: folder
        comment: English content
        children:
          - name: guides
            type: folder
            comment: Guides and tutorials
            children:
              - name: 1.getting-started.md
                type: file
              - name: 2.advanced-topics.md
                type: file
      - name: fr
        type: folder
        comment: French content
        children:
          - name: guides
            type: folder
            comment: Guides and tutorials
            children:
              - name: 1.getting-started.md
                type: file
              - name: 2.advanced-topics.md
                type: file
      - name: blog
        type: folder
        comment: Blog posts
        children:
          - name: 2024-01-01-welcome.md
            type: file
            comment: Welcome blog post
---
::

## Submit a Pull Request (PR)

Before you start, check if there's an existing issue describing the problem or feature request you want to address. If
there is, please leave a comment on the issue to let us know you're working on it.

If there isn't, open a [new discussion](https://github.com/Minecraft-Development-Directory/minecraft-development-directory.github.io/discussions/new/choose){rel="nofollow"}
to first discuss your proposed changes with the maintainers before starting working on it.

### Local Development

To begin local development, follow these steps:

::steps{level="4"}
#### Clone the MDD repository to your local machine:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/Minecraft-Development-Directory/minecraft-development-directory.github.io.git
```

#### Enable [Corepack](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack){rel="nofollow"}

```sh
corepack enable
```

#### Install dependencies

```sh
pnpm install
```

#### Start development

```sh
pnpm dev
```

#### Open your browser and navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000){rel="nofollow"} to see the site running locally.
::

### IDE Setup

We recommand using VSCode alongside the [ESLint extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint){rel="nofollow"}. You can enable auto-fix and formatting when saving your code. Here's how:

```json
{
  "editor.codeActionsOnSave": {
    "source.fixAll.eslint": true
  },
  "editor.formatOnSave": true
}
```

::warning
Since ESLint is already configure to format the code, there's no need for duplicating functionnality with **Prettier**. If you have it
installed in your editor, we recommend disabling it for this project to avoid conflicts.
::

### Linting

You can use the `link` command to check for linting errors:

```sh
pnpm run lint # check for linting errors
pnpm run lint:fix # fix linting errors
```

### Type checking

We use Typescript for type checking. You can run the following command to check for type errors:

```sh
pnpm run type-check
```

### Commit conventions

We use [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/){rel="nofollow"} for commit messages. Please read the [guide](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary){rel="nofollow"}
through if you are not familiar with it.

- Use `fix` and `feat` for code changes that affect the functionality of the site.
- Use `docs` for documentation changes and `chore` for maintenance tasks.

### Making a Pull Request

- Follow along the instructions provided when creating a PR.
- Ensure your PR's title adheres to the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/){rel="nofollow"} since it will be used once the code is merged.
- Multiple commits are fine; no need to rebase or push force. We'll use `Squash and Merge` when merging.
- Ensure `lint` and `type-check` work before submitting the PR. Avoid making unrelated changes.

We'll review it promptly. If assigned to a maintainer, they'll review it carefully.

## Thanks

Thank you again for being interested in this project!
